Discipline integration (#228)
disneystreaming/weaver-test: docs/funsuite.md

---
id: funsuite
title: Pure tests
---

> If your tests don't perform and effects, you can use a simplified interface `FunSuite`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your tests do not require any capability provided by effect-types, you can use a simplified interface `FunSuite`,
```
